Now, let's take a look at where in Google Analytics you define segments.
We're back in the Google Analytics account for the Google merchandise store.
We're in the master view,
and we see the default audience overview page.
By default, Google shows us the data for
all the traffic that passes through your site for the time-frame selected.
You'll see here that the default segment is, All Users.
But I can add a new segment here,
where I specify the sub-group I'd like to look at.
As you'll see here,
there are some segments that have already been defined.
This is a live account,
and many students have access to this account.
So, some segments have already been created,
but we can go ahead and create a new segment.
You can now select the shared characteristics
you want the people in your segment to have.
You may want to select people of a certain gender and age.
You can distinguish groups on the basis of the technology they use to access your site,
you can specify behavior,
you can choose the traffic sources.
For example, people that found you through Facebook.
You can also distinguish groups of people based on certain shopping related behaviors.
Basically, you can describe the segment of users you'd like to see
data for with any dimensions that Google Analytics uses.
In the advanced section,
you can define even more granular segments.
Let's say you're interested in the behavior of people
under 35 years old that access the site on a mobile device,
because you want to understand how young users accessing the site on mobile,
navigate through your product pages.
You can select those conditions,
and you can call this segment, Young mobile users.
Google gives you a sense here on the right of just how big my segment is,
and now you can use a segment throughout your analysis.
Now, when you go back to your report,
you see the data for your new segment only.
You can compare that to any other segment you may have saved,
or you can select the All User segment to compare the total population.